README.md, before:

# Lancer Analytics

## This is a Saint Francis based club 

## Our Goal

Our goal is to provide a more intuitve approach to playing sports. We calculate sports data, analyze the data, and make predictions using computer models. Our data is aimed to increase the probabilty of winning for **Saint Francis** and to provide **coaches**, **offensive and defensive coordinators**, and **assistants** with *real time* data to make decisions about plays easier.


### Programming Languages

Our primary language for this club is **Python**. We plan to convert our code to **R** in the future to make running predictions much easier and faster. 

## Data

Our data is used from **Hudl**. We manually, or by computer vision, input data into certain excel sheets with the columns dependent on the sport. Multiple of these ```csv``` files are organized into **data** folders, where the appropriate sport folders contain the different parts of that sport. 


## Sports

Currently, we are analyzing and running prediction models for specifically football, basketball, and baseball. Future sports for consideration are tennis, water polo, and/or soccer.

Commit message:

Updated README for file directories
Added descriptions of file directories

README.md, after:

# Lancer Analytics



## Our Goal

Our goal is to provide a more intuitve approach to playing sports. We calculate sports data, analyze the data, and make predictions using computer models. Our data is aimed to increase the probabilty of winning for **Saint Francis** and to provide **coaches**, **offensive and defensive coordinators**, and **assistants** with *real time* data to make decisions about plays easier.


### Programming Languages

Our primary language for this club is **Python**. We plan to convert our code to **R** in the future to make running predictions much easier and faster. 

## Data

Our data is used from **Hudl**. We manually, or by computer vision, input data into certain excel sheets with the columns dependent on the sport. Multiple of these ```csv``` files are organized into **data** folders, where the appropriate sport folders contain the different parts of that sport. 


## Sports

Currently, we are analyzing and running prediction models for specifically football, basketball, and baseball. Future sports for consideration are tennis, water polo, and/or soccer.


# File Structure

## Main
The ```main``` folder serves to hold our code and is divided into sub categories based on the sport that we analyze. Within the sport folders are different aspects of that sport, where data is specially recorded and used for models and/or predictions.

## Data

The ```data``` folder is used to store all Excel and/or Google Sheet data that is used to collect **Hudl** data. The spreadsheets will most commonly have an XSLX file format, as R is able to read and properly store Excel sheet formats.
